so as you already know melissa has had
some bad news from a year I can't even
really call it bad news but we have a
diagnosis that finally resolves
unanswered questions that we both had
leading up to that point it was obvious
that Melissa had an underlying hormonal
problem and what that was and why that
was wasn't known but just in the couple
days leading up to going to the hospital
through sheer speculation and I thought
we actually came to the same conclusion
so the the problem was before that the
other medication she was on without a
diagnosis was successfully suppressing
the symptoms of her illness so in a
sense that's good news you can come to
the correct conclusion for the wrong
reasons she was on the right medication
but for the wrong reasons so to speak
the doctors didn't know what was wrong
with her and that gave you ten years of
good quality of life more so for more
than ten years she benefited from the
medicine she was hond
unbeknownst to her and unbeknownst
everyone what her condition was or what
her problem is but now that we know what
the problem is it does seem inevitable
that she would go back to Detroit to get
some more tests done so really these are
blood tests looking at specific hormone
levels this kind of thing now I don't
know how long that would take maybe one
month maybe three months there's no
reason to think there would be a six
month ordeal Melissa might as well make
of it an opportunity to obviously see
her parents but maybe she'll see her
brother's plural or her brother's kids
or whatever maybe show up you know if
you're gonna be there anyway but it
seems necessary that we now tell the
jobs she's applying for that she's not
really available for those jobs and that
you know in the next couple of months
she's going to be going back to the
states to deal with a health problem or
health emergency or whatever you want to
call
to try to pin down the details the
condition and the details of what the
best course treatment is but it's
genuinely possible that Melissa will
just start taking again exactly the same
medication she was already on before
this whole adventure began which is okay
we already know that works and that gave
you more than ten years of good enough
health it's suppressed all the symptoms
you're having so the question then
becomes short-term and long-term how
much sense does it make for me to remain
in Taiwan or for us to continue building
a home in Taiwan again we may just be
talking about one year or two years or
is there some kind of strong case to be
made for me leaving behind the
possibility of a life in Taiwan and I
guess going back to Victoria n-b-c I
have to tell you currently I find it
very hard to talk myself into going back
to Victoria the only reason for me to go
back to Victoria is to go back to
classes at University of Victoria there
which is already hard to talk myself
into
it's bet it's a bad situation short term
and long term it's a lot of money and
let's be clear it's Gayle Lords money
they would have to it's basically
impossible to pay less than $1,000 a
month in rent in Victoria you know again
the weighted pay lower rent is to split
an apartment with three people or
something okay good luck um good luck at
age 40 or 41 as OB by then you know it's
not really possible
not real cause for me to have a roommate
um anyway especially not as a vegan
especially not all these other factors
so no it's a lot of money for very
little outcome and basically zero
employment opportunities and also it
would it would more or less force the
end of this relationship it would force
me and Melissa to break up or or us to
have a very long distance very and
frequently seeing each other
relationship so if I go back to Victoria
to go back to you Vic you
if it's not terminating this
relationship it is gonna put this
relationship on hiatus for a long time
to come
um now it's true conversely that if I
stay in Taiwan for one year or two years
it seems likely that I end up going back
to you Vic eventually anyway maybe
that's true as opposed to staying in
Taiwan and if somehow I end up earning a
decent living here and so on that is
kind of a it's a difference so it's nice
to imagine but I don't I'm not
optimistic about that I'm not optimistic
about career or educational prospects in
Taiwan what I am optimistic about is
uniformly how much I can learn in Taiwan
and how much Melissa can learn also in
Taiwan I can really increase my level of
ability in the Chinese language in
Taiwan I could to build a career as a
YouTube or YouTube
this month has been a growth month last
two months it's been more it's been
better in favor of the last two months
actually um so I could keep on trying to
build a career via YouTube and have a
very low cost of living our rent is very
cheap and everything else is very cheap
but yeah sure through English teaching
English tutoring yes it is possible I
could learn a good living relative the
cost of living Tony yes it is possible
that could work but the main benefit is
the opportunity to learn Chinese and if
I wanted the opportunity to learn French
for that long-term future and just
having a having a home in those ways so
yeah tough decisions are coming up but
it seems that the jobs we've been
talking to in Taiwan we're now gonna
have to tell them melissa is not
available
for the next several months but I am
again the assumption being I would stay
in Taiwan what most it goes back to
Detroit to get these tests done I think
that makes sense and that I should try
to build on the foothold we've got in
Taiwan as best I can
it's leaving out some of the details
there may be more difficulties ahead in
Taiwan
[Music]
but it's it's very difficult for me to
talk myself into the notion that just
because Melissa needs some blood tests
done in Detroit that that's a reason for
me to move back to Victoria that's not a
logical syllogism that for me makes
sense